README.md, before:

prerender-redis-cache
=======================

Prerender plugin for Redis caching, to be used with the prerender node application from https://github.com/prerender/prerender.

How it works
------------

This plugin stores pages returned through prerender in a redis instance. Currently, it caches the pages for 1 day then expires them. This can be overridden by specifying the env variable "process.env.PAGE_TTL" in seconds. To never expire you should set the `PAGE_TTL` variable to 0.

How to use
----------

In your local prerender project run:

    $ npm install prerender-redis-cache --save
    
Then in the server.js that initializes the prerender:

    server.use(require('prerender-redis-cache'));

Configuration
-------------

By default it will connect to your Redis instance running on localhost and the default redis port with no authentication. You can overwrite this by setting the `REDISTOGO_URL`, `REDISCLOUD_URL`, `REDISGREEN_URL` or `REDIS_URL` (in the format redis://user:password@host:port). This currently covers all heroku add-ons for Redis to support quick start.

Todo
----

* Slightly finer-grain error catching to make sure this plugin doesn't crash prerender for any reason.
* Make POST request to a URL clear the cache in line with a few other plugins

Commit message:

Improve the URL parser to read the URL path to select a non-default Redis database number.

README.md, after:

prerender-redis-cache
=======================

Prerender plugin for Redis caching, to be used with the prerender node application from https://github.com/prerender/prerender.

How it works
------------

This plugin stores pages returned through prerender in a redis instance. Currently, it caches the pages for 1 day then expires them. This can be overridden by specifying the env variable "process.env.PAGE_TTL" in seconds. To never expire you should set the `PAGE_TTL` variable to 0.

How to use
----------

In your local prerender project run:

    $ npm install prerender-redis-cache --save
    
Then in the server.js that initializes the prerender:

    server.use(require('prerender-redis-cache'));

Configuration
-------------

By default it will connect to your Redis instance running on localhost and the default redis port with no authentication, and the default database number (normally 0). You can overwrite this by setting the `REDISTOGO_URL`, `REDISCLOUD_URL`, `REDISGREEN_URL` or `REDIS_URL` (in the format redis://user:password@host:port/databaseNumber). This currently covers all heroku add-ons for Redis to support quick start.

Todo
----

* Slightly finer-grain error catching to make sure this plugin doesn't crash prerender for any reason.
* Make POST request to a URL clear the cache in line with a few other plugins
